h1. loopedCarousel 0.5 - jQuery plugin

loopedCarousel is a plugin made for jQuery that is not only a looping carousel, its main goal is to be extremely easy to implement. No more messing around with CSS to get your carousel to look and function properly. You want to show 5 items? Tell it "items: 5". You want some spacing in between those items? Just tell it "spacing: 15". You want it to be vertical? Tell it "vertical: true". Damn thing even auto generates pagination for you based on how many total items you have and how many items you're showing. Keep it simple!

h2. Info

Developed by "Nathan Searles":mailto:nsearles@gmail.com, "http://nathansearles.com":http://nathansearles.com

For updates, follow Nathan Searles on "Twitter":http://twitter.com/nathansearles

h2. Examples

* "Simple example":http://nathansearles.com/loopedcarousel/example-1.html
* "Styled news example":http://nathansearles.com/loopedcarousel/example-2.html
* "Vertical carousel":http://nathansearles.com/loopedcarousel/example-3.html
* "Multiple carousels":http://nathansearles.com/loopedcarousel/example-4.html

h2. Markup

<pre>	 
<div id="loopedCarousel">	
	<div class="container">
		<div class="slides">
			<div>1</div>
			<div>2</div>
			<div>3</div>
			<div>4</div>
			<div>5</div>
			<div>6</div>
			<div>7</div>
			<div>8</div>
			<div>9</div>
			<div>10</div>
			<div>11</div>
			<div>12</div>
			<div>13</div>
			<div>14</div>
			<div>15</div>
		</div>
	</div>
	<a href="#" class="previous">previous</a>
	<a href="#" class="next">next</a>	
</div>
</pre>

h2. CSS

<pre>
.container {height:180px; overflow:hidden; position:relative; background:#fff; border:1px solid #9e9e9e;}
.slides {position:absolute; top:10px; left:0;}
.slides div {position:absolute; top:0; width:160px; height:160px; display:none; text-align:center; background-color:#d8d8d8; border:1px solid #ccc;}
</pre>

h2. Initialize

<pre>
<script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
	$(function(){
		$('#loopedCarousel').loopedCarousel();
	});
</script>
</pre>

h2. Options

<pre>
container: '.container', // Class or ID of main container
slides: '.slides', // Class or ID of slide container
pagination: '.pagination', // Class or ID of pagination container
autoStart: 0, // Set to positive number for auto start and interval time
slidespeed: 300, // Speed of slide animation
fadespeed: 300, // Speed of fade animation
items: 3, // Items shown
padding: 10, // Padding between items
showPagination: true, // Shows pagination links
vertical: false // Set to true for vertical carousel
</pre>

h2. Changelog

* 0.5 - Initial release